# Warframe Metabreaker

> Note: This app is in **Alpha** stages

## Table of Contents

* [What?](#What?)
* [Why?](#Why?)
* [How to use](#How_to_use)
* [Notes](#Notes)

## What?

Warframe Metabreaker is an application to compare stats of other weapons in its class. This allows direct comparisons into where a weapon's stat is relative all the rest of the weapons of its type.

## Why?

Trying out new builds is part of the fun in Warframe (imo), so this is a tool to help give some clarity on which weapon to make a build for. I made this is as a tool to use myself, but still want to put it out there for others to benefit from as well.

## How to use `// TODO`

At its current state, it only scrapes the necessary data for each weapon so it's not very purposeful at the moment... 

More details will be included when it's in a more functional state. Consider it... early access...

Start server
1. `cd server` - Assuming in root project directory, move to server folder
2. `npm install` - Install dependencies
2. `npm start` - Boot server

Start client (In a separate terminal)
1. `cd app` - Move to app folder 
2. `npm install` - Downlaod dependencies
3. `npm run build` - Build css files
4. `npm start` - Run app


## Notes

Since this is a web scraper, it makes HTTP requests, and if it is poorly optimized, it can make too many requests against warframe.fandom.com. To reduce the amount of requests to their servers, the app can download all the necessary HTML pages so we can tinker and do whatever we want with them.

## Tests

They're used for debugging at the moment, not really tests.

## Resources File Structure

These folders must exist before running some of the scripts as they're not automatically checked/created before running the app (will change in the future). The files aren't added in the git repo because it's a lot of fluff that can just be generated by the app.
    
    .
    └── resources
        ├── html
        │   └── weapons
        │       ├── archwing
        │       ├── melee
        │       ├── primary
        │       ├── robotic
        │       └── secondary
        └── json
            └── weapons
                ├── enumerate
                ├── pre
                └── stats
                    ├── archwing
                    ├── melee
                    ├── primary
                    ├── robotic
                    └── secondary